Drink a glass of water. Science research has shown that drinking two cups of water before all three meals helped dieters lose weight and keep it off. 
Talk to a colleague for 10 minutes. Cravings may reduce after even a short time delay.
Take a 5 minute walk around the building. Getting your blood circulating can help reduce the craving
Close your eyes and take 10 slow deep breaths. Recent research shows that practicing relaxation techniques along with other weight reducing programmes greatly helps weight loss
Give yourself a short non-food reward, eg. five minutes on facebook, writing emails, browse your favorite website.
Have a low-calorie hot drink (e.g., tea, coffee etc.)
Stretch your arms and legs for 5 minutes
Think of one new non-food reward you can give yourself, and anticipate having this reward.
Plan your shopping for three healthy meals.
List 5 healthy snacks you can turn to when cravings strike.
Ask a friend/colleague if they would like to share a healthy snack with you now/later. 
Rate from 1-10 how hungry you are right now. 1 is very full, 10 is ravenously hungry. Are you really hungry enough to eat?
Chew gum instead. Research has shown that people who chewed gum consumed fewer calories at lunch and did not compensate by eating more later in the day. Other studies have shown that chewing gum was helpful in controlling appetite, decreasing participants' daily intake by 40 calories and reducing snack cravings.
If you are with others, ask a colleague/friend to watch out for what you eat and stop you if they see you reaching for a bad snack
Think about a food you are craving. Rate from 1-10 how healthy it is: 1 (Completely not healthy) 10 (Completely healthy) it is. Is this food worth eating? Research has shown that focusing on the health characteristics of food can promote desire for healthier food choices.
Think about a recent photo of you in which you looked bigger than you like. Research has shown that remembering photos where people looked overweight can be powerful diet motivators.
Imagine eating the food you crave instead of actually eating it. Repeat this for 30 imaginary bites. Science research has shown that 30 imaginary bites can reduce the desire for food.
List three words you’d like to describe your state of health in ten  years time.
Think of the last time you did something healthy for yourself, and how you felt after you completed the activity (interview)
Remember a recent time when you’ve eaten badly, and spend a minute vividly remembering how you felt afterwards.
Picture yourself looking great at a future event.
Today sets the precedent for tomorrow. Commit to non-change. What you choose - today,  you will continue to choose tomorrow and all days in the future. 
Spend 10 seconds imagining your fat cells shrinking.
Spend 10 seconds visualizing your heart beating strongly and healthily.
List/read the original ingredients that went into the snack you are craving. Do you want to put those ingredients into your body?
Imagine a really obese body, naked. 
Visualize the cholesterol flowing into your bloodstream and depositing in your arterial walls. Over time the deposits make your arterial walls look like the stalagmites and stalactites in a cave. The walls close in and reduce blood flow, preventing surrounding cells from getting nutrients and oxygen. Blood pressure increases. A stroke or heart attack is more possible.
Imagine yourself wearing a brand new dress or pair of jeans and feeling great.

Remember a past achievement you are proud of.
Think of someone who can support you in your health goals.
Think about someone similar to you who has successfully achieved what you’d like to achieve.
Think about your top three personal values (e.g. friendship, achievement, honesty, etc.)
Think about a quality that you like about yourself, and feel good about it for one minute.
Remember, willpower is a muscle you can build by resisting temptation. Over time this muscle will grow and resistance will become easier. Imagine flexing your willpower muscle.
Remember your craving may not be connected to food but due to an emotion- boredom, feeling down etc. Think about how you are feeling right now.
If you can stop eating chocolate for one day, you can do it for two days.
Around 25% of adults in England are obese (from NCHOD) - make your individual contribution for a healthy society.
Being overweight increases your likelihood of having a stroke, being infertile,suffering from back pain,type 2 diabetes, and heart disease.
Science research has shown that food tastes better when it is eaten less often. 